PR for release 2.2.0 "Ulm" (#573)
nf-core/eager: docs/output.md

While the machine should detect a reduction in base-calling quality, this is not always the case and you will retain these tails in your FASTQ files. This can cause skews in GC content and false positive SNP calls when the reference genome has long mono-nucleotide stretches (typically in larger eukaryotic genomes).

In the case of dual-indexed paired-end sequencing, it is likely poly-G tails are less of an issue as during your AdapterRemoval step, anything passed the adapter will be clipped off anyway. However you can check this under the 'Per Sequence GC Content' plot in FastQC.

> **NB:** As you are more likely to see this at the end of the run, in paired-end data you should see all 'Read 2' data having a higher GC content distribution than the 'Read 1'

While the MultiQC report has multiple plots for FastP, we will only look at GC content as that's the functionality we use currently.

> You will receive output for each supplied FASTQ file.

Reviewer: Not sure that receive is the right term here ;-)

> You will receive output for each supplied FASTQ file.

Author: ```suggestion
The pipeline will generate the respective output for each supplied FASTQ file.
```
